Chicken-UI PID 
 
The Requirement 
 
You have been approached by a local Chicken Breeder to help them explore moving from their paper-based Chicken Record System to a Local Database System. 
 
They have asked that you use Microsoft Windows or MAC infrastructure. In order to get an idea of how they will use it, they want you to create a simple CLI based menu system that uses a list of chicken names For Example (George, Fleur, Devon, Casey, Marigold' Apple Mint) as a POC (Proof of Concept) for it. 
Your application must have the ability to print to the screen, clear the screen, accept user input, and create a basic `list` data structure. 
 
In terms of functionality the menu system should look like this: - 
 
Menu - 
 
0 - Exit App 
1 - Print List of Chickens Records 
2 - Create New Chicken Record 
3 - Update Existing Chicken Record 
4 - Delete a Chicken Record 
 
The chicken names should be stored initially in a python data structure whilst the program is active. 
 
If you wish to extend the functionality to store and retrieve the chicken data from a CSV or text file, they are happy for you to include that as well. 
 
You should document your development process and write an explanation of the tools and components used in your solution. 
 
Tools you will need 
 
GIT/GIT Hub – For version control and documentation 
VScode – IDE for developing Software 
Python - To run the code 
 
 
Phase 1 - Set up Development Infrastructure 
 
1. Install Python 
2. Instal VS Code 
3. Setup your project directory structure 
4. Setup a Local GIT Repository 
 
Phase 2 – Build and Test the Product 
 
1. Create a simple Chicken program (app.py) 
 
Phase 3 – Final Deliverables to the Client   
 
Deliver a Product demo of the applications functions (5 Mins) 
Create and Deliver a Client Facing Presentation on the benefits to the customer of you application (5 Mins) 
Create and Deliver a White board session with the Client, explaining how the Application Works and your design decisions with alternatives. (5 mins) 
